I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Shadows
It is a lovely sunny day.
Peppa, George and Rebecca Rabbit
are playing piggy in the middle.
Catch Peppa.
Catch Rebecca.
George is the piggy in the middle.
Oh, George is trying to catch the ball shadow.
Silly George. That's not the ball.
that's just its shadow. Look!
When the ball moves,
its shadow moves as well.
You've got a shadow too, George.
George is trying to walk away from his shadow.
You can't walk away from your shadow.
You need to run away from it.
Peppa is trying to run away from her shadow.
Oh, it's still there.
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Susie.
We're trying to run away from our shadows.
No one can run away from their shadows.
Oh!
You need to use a scooter. Weeeee!
Susie is trying to ride away from her shadow.
See!
But your shadow is still there.
Oh!
Hello, everyone!
Here is Mr. Elephant, with Emily and Edmond.
Hello.
We're trying to run away from our shadows.
You can never run away from your shadow.
I know. We can't go fast enough.
No, Susie.
It's nothing to do with how fast you run.
You see? My shadow is still underneath me.
Run faster!
Even if I run faster, my shadow keeps up with me.
Daddy, your shadow is too big.
It's slowing you down.
It's not that, Emily.
Your shadow always stays with you.
Why?
When something gets in the way of the sun,
it makes a shadow, like this.
Oh!
I have the biggest shadow,
because I'm the biggest.
And George and I have the smallest shadows,
because we are the smallest.
Very clever, Edmond.
I'm a clever-clogs.
Oh, whose shadow is that?
That's the biggest shadow ever.
It must be a giant.
He, he, he. It's not a giant.
The shadow is being made by a cloud.
Wow!
What sort of cloud is it?
Erm…it's a big cloud.
It's called a strato cumulus.
Yes.
Edmond Elephant is a clever-clogs.
Look! Our shadows are getting longer.
Woo!
That's because the sun is getting lower in the sky.
It's nearly night time.
My shadow has gone.
Yes, Emily.
When the sun sets, the shadows go away.
Peppa, George, bed time.
OK, Daddy. Bye, everyone.
Bye-bye.
It is bed time.
I'm a bit sad that my shadow's gone away.
Don't be sad, Peppa.
Electric light can make shadows,
and we can make shadow puppets.
Mummy Pig is using her hands
to make a shadow puppet.
It's a birdy.
Listen to it sing.
Tweet, tweet, I'm a little birdy.
My turn.
Peppa has made a spider.
My name is Mr. Skinny Legs.
Oops, scary!
George is making a shadow puppet.
What's that, George?
Dinosaur!
Grrr…
George has made a dinosaur.
That's really scary.
Very good, George.
Time to switch the lights out.
Good night, Peppa. Good night, George.
Good night, shadows!